# Loading and interact with the automated optical inspection dataset

This is a respository contains all source code for the visualization included in the publication [DOI WILL BE ADDED AFTER PUBLICATION] about the automated optical inspection dataset.
The dataset is also available in the following public data repository [DOI WILL BE ADDED AFTER PUBLICATION].

The notebook saves all figures to the "./figs" folder as .svg
All requirements for the Python environment can be found in the pyproject.toml

Please mind the following legal note:

This dataset contains data points of a 132-day long recording phase of a real-world production of one production line of Siemens AG Germany, DI should also decide on approval. 
LEGAL NOTICE © Siemens Aktiengesellschaft  All rights reserved. This software code & data is owned by Siemens Aktiengesellschaft and is protected by the copyright laws as well as patent laws of the United States and other countries, and by international treaty provisions. No rights, whether by implication, by estoppel or otherwise, are granted to you in connection with the Software unless explicitly allowed hereunder. The only permitted use of the Software is for non-commercial testing purposes in connection with the respective paper "Data of automated optical inspection of surface-mounted technology electronic production"  by Siemens Aktiengesellschaft submitted in connection with Data-in-Brief. Any use outside the aforementioned scope shall be prohibited and may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution. No title to or ownership of the Software or data is transferred to you. Siemens Aktiengesellschaft retains full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. This Software and Data is provided as is without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is with you. Should the Software prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. In no event will Siemens Aktiengesellschaft be liable to you for any damages, including any lost profits, lost savings or other incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the Software. By using the Software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Legal Notice